Wait a minute.
I mean...
From Heaven
That's my brother.
You're waiting for someone.
After you deliver the company, won t you even have to pay for it?
If you don't understand, don't talk about this danger.
I don't understand the kind of method he just proposed that I proposed.
What did I say? I said that the kind of emergency method that he just proposed was me.
Tell me Wang still works at the company, you fart.
General, they danced with him.
They don't know how to write a single word about what they're saying.
Right?
So...
Jinmug, he's not scum.
I've personally fired people I like for three years.
No, no, I still have a chance.
There's not always a chance.
Because I'm better, General Director Chen.
You all show me him well.
These are the seven thieves.
I'll find you myself to solve the account.
Excuse me, Mr. Chairman.
Haha.
That's great, Promise No where do you rely this time?
The reason this time may be so favorable is thanks to your joint efforts.
Without you
Director Li, you've really spent money.
I told you, make friends.
I don't know the dividend that Hengtai gave me.
I have a betting contract.
It says clearly that your money is provided for free.
There may be further payments.
I'll report to you penny by penny.
Please continue to be generous, that's all I am, goodbye.
Go home and reward you.
Then I have nothing to visit you.
From ants
From Ants, you are Sakura Root, right?